# " Peofesional C++ (6th) edition "

https://dokumen.pub/professional-c-6nbsped-1394193173-9781394193172-9781394193196-9781394193189.html

You can use whichever C++ compiler you like. For example, for Windows, you can download Microsoft Visual Studio Community Edition,
which is free and includes Visual C++. For Linux, you can use GCC or Clang

### IN GCC
Support for modules in GCC is enabled with the -fmodules-ts option. To make such code compile, you have to replace import std; declarations with import declarations of individual Standard Library headers. Once that is done, import declarations of Standard Library headers, such as the following, require you to precompile them:

```
import <iostream>;
```

First, here is an example of how to precompile <iostream>:

```
g++ -std=c++2b -fmodules-ts -xc++-system-header iostream
```

After that, we can compile the file (for example, main.cpp):

```
g++ -std=c++2b -fmodules-ts main.cpp
```

And finally, execute it:

```
./a.out
```

The book uses the newest features like import std; or std::println. These are available in GCC 14 or Clang 18. However, in my opinion, it is better to use Microsoft Visual Studio Community Edition if you want to easily use the latest C++ features.

Here in WSL, we don't use the newest features, but we will practice with them in a new project where we use Microsoft Visual Studio Community Edition (not here in Ubuntu WSL). We will post what we learn on GitHub. We made this choice because, although the code compiles and runs successfully in the terminal, the IDE highlights syntax errors incorrectly. Ignoring these visual errors makes it difficult to identify real bugs in our C and C++ code.

But we can use vim like a IDE and execuet by terminal. I think we can use this option.